this is an Israeli policeman arresting a
Palestinian Israeli citizen she asks
what's the reason as he handcuffs her
the reason for her arrest is a post on
social media that Israeli authorities
deemed
insightful Israel has increased its
Crackdown on Palestinians since the
start of its war on Gaza any voice
raised against the war is silenced
anyone expressing solidarity with
Palestinians in Gaza is
hushed a day after the October 7 attacks
the keset issued a new law that
criminalizes the consumption of material
published by what it calls a terrorist
organization they are using the
emergency laws it's time of War by the
Israeli definition right now so even if
you wrote something that is vague or
something that does not call to any kind
of violence just simply showing sympathy
with your people it's also being
criminalized um so this is the difficult
reality that we are living right now
that everything is being criminalized
including your connection or to your
identity or celebrating your identity is
not legal anymore authorities have
arrested and interrogated 521
Palestinian citizens for their social
media posts and charged 70 of them
nearly 65 were fired from their work
after accusation of supporting terrorism
on social media we're speaking about a a
huge use of the counterterrorism law
especially article
24 which speaks about supporting
terrorism and sympathizing with the
terror
organization any expression on the
social media related to what's going to
the ongoing war and what's going in Gaza
could be CRI criminalized there were no
such arrests among Jewish Israeli for
their social media posts despite
hundreds of messages of incitement and
racist posts against Palestinians
including those in
Israel those who have been arrested
include artists actresses human rights
activists Community leaders and students
some of them were photographed next to
the Israeli flag in jail as a way of
humiliating
them Israeli police procedures allow for
the extension of their detention to 90
days without seeing a
lawyer meanwhile fear is quieting the
voices of
solidarity but many say they refuse to
be silenced and take the risk of
standing up to defend their freedom of
expression lenina Al jazir